[All Hosts] (devx) new step for converting to unified manifest (#5131)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/convert-xml-to-json-manifest.md

   > [!IMPORTANT]
   > The value of this element must exactly match the name of an action that's mapped to a function in a JavaScript or TypeScript file with the [Office.actions.associate](/javascript/api/office/office.actions#office-office-actions-associate-member(1)) function. If you change it in the manifest, be sure to change it in the `actionId` parameter passed to `associate()` too.

### Shorten string values as needed

Review and change, as needed, the manifest values in light of the following effects of the conversion.

> - The first 30 characters of `<DisplayName>` will become the value of "name.short" in the unified manifest.

Reviewer: I think we can use present tense here (and align to the style guide) without losing meaning, but let me know if you disagree. 
```suggestion
- The first 30 characters of `<DisplayName>` becomes the value of "name.short" in the unified manifest.
```

> - The first 100 characters of `<DisplayName>` will become the value of "name.long" in the unified manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first 100 characters of `<DisplayName>` becomes the value of "name.long" in the unified manifest.
```

> - The first 250 characters of `<Description>` will become the value of "description.short" in the unified manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first 250 characters of `<Description>` becomes the value of "description.short" in the unified manifest.
```

> - The first 4000 characters of `<Description>` will become the value of "description.long" in the unified manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first 4000 characters of `<Description>` becomes the value of "description.long" in the unified manifest.
```

> - The first 32 characters of the `<ProviderName>` will become the value "developer.name" in the unified manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first 32 characters of the `<ProviderName>` becomes the value "developer.name" in the unified manifest.
```
